The reason behind me quitting pls donate isn't anyone's fault but my own. I've been playing the game for quite a while, and it now just feels like a chore nowadays. The main reason I'm quitting is due to a recent event that has caused me to realize it isn't doing me any good. I recently received a donation of 100,000 robux by one of my friends dynabtw (an awesome person) and it was probably the most happiest moment of the past few years, however after I received the robux, I donated it all, without hesitation. And after thinking about it more, I'm like, why? I've gotten to the point where the donated number on the player list matters more to me then my own benefit. Don't get me wrong, donating to people was amazing. I love giving others what makes them happy, even if I don't get anything out of it. But it has gotten to the point I've given away 250k+ robux that I had worked for just to donate it all. I feel like a bad person, to myself, and sometimes other people. I've stated multiple times in the past that I'll save some for myself, or I'll save for some item I've wanted. But it never ends up happening, I donate it all without hesitation despite my goals and promises to other people. I'm thankful it never got to the point I was spending robux I owed to other people, however that doesn't change how I feel about myself. I can't express enough how happy I am to meet all the people I have. Note that I won't be leaving any communities that I actively talk in. I'll still be more then happy to participate in pls donate streams, just not in-game.

If you've been donated by me, please do not take this message as a plea for it back, I don't want it back, and infact I would prefer if you spend it on yourself. 

To all my current and future friends; don't ask me to play pls donate with you because I'm not going to.

Love y'all. ❤️ 
